Carol Carol and what is that top speed
with the 420 I don't we take him for a
spin
what yeah go on mission forward hop on
in go on you want me to just see what
nine million dollars sat on my nuts
we're gonna build the next one for
comfort don't you worry ready the name
on the middle that steering wheel should
tell you that I was born ready Shelby
[Applause]
[Music]
about right now the uninitiated have a
tendency to soil themselves
[Music]
[Laughter]
mr. Ford okay
miss Ford all right I had no idea I had
no idea I wish my daddy he were alive to
see this to feel this now this is not a
machine does anybody get in and easily
control absolutely not
I had no idea now you won't win LeMond
you really want to take first place Kim
I was a man to do it
[Applause]
good timing now he knows this card
because he helped me build it Shelby
you know I've already appointed Leo BB
directly exactly why I'm talking to you
now you let Ken miles race Daytona if he
wins he gets to drive them all and if he
doesn't Ford Motor Company gets full
ownership of Shelby American Lock Stock
and brand forever